Designing Minds Testimonials 




Just to brag, my son got 100% in his English HL exam. The question papers are really assisting him. – Lusanda 


I just wanted to share some amazing news with you. My daughter is 10 and in grade 4. She has been diagnosed at the age of 7 with ADHD and low grade Autism. This is her first year of exams (keeping in mind she is at a mainstream school - not a special needs institution). Because of designing minds, she was able to write her first exams in June with confidence and for term 3... hit us with a bunch of 7s. She did so great and also just to let you know, I took her off her Ritalin in the June school holidays. I attached her report card so you can see the progress from term 1 not using design minds, into term 2 and now 3🤍 Thank you for all that you do🙏🏻 - Nasreen




My daughter’s mathematics mark improved from 20% to 52%! Thank you! – Ndiweni


Thank you so much. My son did super well for term 1. Got 76 overall. The papers really did wonders. Of course studying first goes a long way, but he knew what was expected of him for tests. – Amoré


I ordered and recieved mine. Must say it really helps my grade 5 daughter. The learning material is of the highest quality. – Ciara 


The term 2 test really helped my son, I saw huge improvements in his marks. Thank you! – Livhuwani


Thank you so much for your bundles! Our son did very well in his exams thanks to your bundles for Grade 6. – Sifungile 


The tests really work. My son did so well in term 2. Thank you so much – Nonhle
I must tell you, my daughter does very well but she did extra well.. All thanks to you and what you have provided. – Michelle


Thank you for this, it has really helped my daughter drastically. I really appreciate you and the efforts you put into this. – Busi


Can highly recommend this team and their resources! – Sabrina 


Ek het iewers verlede kwartaal al julle goedjies gekoop en dit was amazing om te gebruik saam ons sin dit maak dit makliker om dan julle toets en ons sin saam Te blend basies – Lizaan


Would highly recommend! The test pack really helped my nephew with his final exams last year! – Jade Durrant